docs: replace stage file example in /install/completion, fix typos found in review (#1766)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/unfreeze.md

```

DVC notices that `foo` changed due to the `foo.dvc` file that tracks this file

> (as `outs`), but the `make_copy` stage no longer records the change among its

Reviewer: "No longer" would mean it did before, which isn't shown.
```suggestion
(as `outs`), but the `make_copy` stage doesn't record the change among its
```

Author: My mistake, I thought this made it consistent with wording `freeze` but I see now the tense should be different.
